Veraison demo (#239)
Samsung/islet: examples/veraison/README.md

# Introduction

The process consists of several parts:

* provisioning
* gathering measurements
* feeding measurements to veraison and realm verifier
* running realm for verification purposes
* running verification services (veraison/realm verifier)
* verification itself

It is best and even sometimes required that all the required repos are placed in
one directory. I'll call it `CCA` and it will be referred throughout this file.

The following repos will be used:

* Islet: https://github.com/Samsung/islet that provides:

	* the whole SW/FW stack and scripts for running the emulated environment under the FVP
	* Islet HES https://github.com/Samsung/islet/tree/main/hes
	* kvmtool-rim-measurer from https://github.com/Samsung/islet/tree/main/third-party/

> * Islet Remote Attestation: https://github.com/Samsung/islet-ra that provides:

Reviewer: islet-ra will appear as a submodule of islet. Do we need to mention this URL?
Metioning each tool in the perspective directoy appearing in islet looks better.

> 	* rocli: https://github.com/Samsung/islet-ra/tree/main/tools/rocli

Author: Will do.

	* realm-verifier: https://github.com/Samsung/islet-ra/tree/main/lib/realm-verifier
	* ratls: https://github.com/Samsung/islet-ra/tree/main/lib/ratls
	* rust-rsi: https://github.com/Samsung/islet-ra/tree/main/lib/rust-rsi

* veraison: https://github.com/veraison/services

    * please use 5a48655b3a9c3960667ef14df7860186238b6bcd commit. Newer versions
      might not work at the moment

# Preparation

The 3 beforementioned repositories should be checked out on the same level so it
should look like following:

>     CCA/islet

Reviewer: Cloning islet repo does dont present CCA directory. This makes readers confused.

Author: The idea for this directory is explained at the very beginning of the document (Introduction, line 13). I wanted it to serve as a common root for all the required repositories and in my opinion having that and seeing all the paths coming from common root actually reduces confusion.

	CCA/islet-ra
	CCA/services   (this is veraison repository)

Install ubuntu's aarch64 compiler, it's needed by some tools:

>     # apt install gcc-aarch64-linux-gnu

Reviewer 2: We uses `aarch64-gcc v11.3` located in `islet/assets` to build our components. 
So it doesn't located in our [init scripts](https://github.com/Samsung/islet/blob/main/scripts/deps/pkgs.sh) now.

But I think it's better to  add it to our [init scripts](https://github.com/Samsung/islet/blob/main/scripts/deps/pkgs.sh) to build 3rd-parties components as you suggested,

>     # apt install gcc-aarch64-linux-gnu

Author: The thing is that I tried to compile the tools with the aarch64-gcc that is included in islet but it failed to do so. The compiler provided by Ubuntu works. Regarding adding it to init.sh I'm all for it. Didn't do that as it's not required by islet itself, just by the demo. But if we all agree on this I'll do that.

> The 3 beforementioned repositories should be checked out on the same level so it

Reviewer 2: minor spacing

```suggestion
The 3 before mentioned repositories should be checked out on the same level so it
```
